
In 1937, Shannon's master degree thesis: A symbolic analysis of relay and switching circuit
which shows electrical circuit can implement any boolean logic. This thesis becomes the
foundation of digital circuit design to enable designers only care about logic manipulation.
So the design process is:
	1) write boolean logic
	2) optimize it using boolean algebra
	3) map logic gate to electronic circuits
The only remained question is how to design arithemetic operation in boolean logic.

Based on the above knowledge, we can create any computation in combinational logic.
Except to memory in which we need to remember its previous state by a feedback circuit.
But circuit is flow, dynamic and volatile.

Latch VS Flip-Flop:
	Clock width is the time interval during which clock it equal to logic 1.
	Duty cycle is the ratio of the clock width to the clock period.
	
	Latch responds to input-changes during a clock width. While flip-flop during an edge.
	So latch can execute multiple times in one cycle, flip-flop only once.

There are 3 presentations for logic: schematic, boolean equation and truth table.

Pipeline:

	From fairest creatures we desire increase,
	That thereby beauty's rose maight never die,
	But as the riper should by time decease,
	His tender heir might bear his memory.
								--Sonnet 1 by Shakespeare.

Bypass and Stall:

	Stall occurs when next instruction's resource will not be ready at its pipeline stage.
	Otherwise, we should forward the value to it. This process is call bypass since the
	pipelined register is targeted to flow to terminal register.
	
	A register can receive 3 kinds of values:
	IA: | f0 | f1 | f2 |
	IB:      | f0 | f1 | f2 |
	1) previous immediate def. For example, IA def x1 at 1, IB use x1 at 1
	2) previous pipeline def. For example, IA def x1 at 1, IB use x1 at 2
	3) no def in pipeline.
	This value must be acquired at previous stage since use and def cannot exist
	at the same stage.


Q0: If there is any power leakage in the following example:
    operand A and B share a regfile port:
		A = port_value;  A = mux(0, port_value);
	If A is not used, the latter value is always 0, so its inst user is static ?
	but the mux and assign's hardware source are different.

References:
	1. Digital Logic and Microprocessor Design with Interfacing --Enoch O. Hwang
	   A descriptive introductory book which is user friendly. He explain why
	   always block must wrtie to a reg in 5.7.2 as far as i know no one do it.

	2. Modern Computer Architecture and Orgnization --Jim Ledin
	   A basic and complete introduction to computer organization.

	3. Modern Processor Design --John Paul Shen
	
	4. Parallel Computer Organization and Design --Michel Dubois et al.